main.py:59: warning: Escaping closure captures local 'k' by value, but 'k' is reassigned after the closure is created; the closure keeps the value from capture time (CPython would observe the later value). Capture a fresh local that is not reassigned (e.g. `snap = k`), or use copy() to make the snapshot explicit.
main.py:11: warning: Escaping closure captures local 'k' by value, but 'k' is reassigned after the closure is created; the closure keeps the value from capture time (CPython would observe the later value). Capture a fresh local that is not reassigned (e.g. `snap = k`), or use copy() to make the snapshot explicit.
main.py:18: warning: Escaping closure captures local 'k' by value, but 'k' is reassigned after the closure is created; the closure keeps the value from capture time (CPython would observe the later value). Capture a fresh local that is not reassigned (e.g. `snap = k`), or use copy() to make the snapshot explicit.
main.py:27: warning: Escaping closure captures local 'k' by value, but 'k' is reassigned after the closure is created; the closure keeps the value from capture time (CPython would observe the later value). Capture a fresh local that is not reassigned (e.g. `snap = k`), or use copy() to make the snapshot explicit.
main.py:35: warning: Escaping closure captures local 'c' by value, but 'c' is reassigned after the closure is created; the closure keeps the value from capture time (CPython would observe the later value). Capture a fresh local that is not reassigned (e.g. `snap = c`), or use copy() to make the snapshot explicit.
main.py:42: warning: Escaping closure captures local 'k' by value, but 'k' is reassigned after the closure is created; the closure keeps the value from capture time (CPython would observe the later value). Capture a fresh local that is not reassigned (e.g. `snap = k`), or use copy() to make the snapshot explicit.
main.py:50: warning: Escaping closure captures local 'k' by value, but 'k' is reassigned after the closure is created; the closure keeps the value from capture time (CPython would observe the later value). Capture a fresh local that is not reassigned (e.g. `snap = k`), or use copy() to make the snapshot explicit.
